Update General_Feature_Release_10.5.3.md (#4233)
SkylineCommunications/dataminer-docs: release-notes/General/General_Feature_Release_10.5/General_Feature_Release_10.5.3.md

### Breaking changes

#### Protocols: Separate SLScripting process for every SLProtocol process [ID 41713]

<!-- MR 10.6.0 - FR 10.5.3 -->

From now on, DataMiner will by default start a separate SLScripting process for every SLProtocol process.

> Up to now, if you wanted to have separate SLScripting processes created for every SLProtocol being used, you had to explicitly configure this in `ProcessOptions` element of the *DataMiner.xml* file. See the example below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Up to now, if you wanted to have a separate SLScripting process created for every SLProtocol process being used, you had to explicitly configure this in the `ProcessOptions` element of the *DataMiner.xml* file. See the example below.
```
